We came up with four different preprocessing techniques to aid in detecting plagarism.
Each technique can be implemented on the two input texts and then the LCS is computed on the results of the preprocessing.


Light Preprocessing
The most basic preprocessing replaces certain symbols to make the texts more universal.
In this techique, directional quotes (quotation marks that indicate if a quote is starting or finishing) are replaced by straight quotes, and extra newline characters and spaces are removed.


Advanced Preprocessing
Advanced preprocessing deletes all non-ascii characters and all symbols that are not periods or commas, and makes everything lower case.
This is done to make the LCS more robust to small changes in punctuation. 
For example, the following is an text before preprocessing:

This kind of relationship can be visualised as a tree structure, where ‘student’ would be the more general root node and both ‘postgraduate’ and
‘undergraduate’ would be more specialised extensions of the ‘student’ node (or the child nodes).

And here would be the same text after advance preprocessing:

this kind of relationship can be visualised as a tree structure, where student would be the more general root node and both postgraduate and
undergraduate would be more specialised extensions of the student node or the child nodes.


Stop Word Removal
For stop word removal preprocessing, an input text is run through the advanced preprocessing technique seen above and then passed to a function that 
deletes all occurances of stop words. Stop words are any words that do not carry any significance to the similarity of two texts. 
We chose to remove them as a possible preprocession technique to make the LCS robust to students simply adding in meaningless words to cover plagarism.
The stop words are listed in a file. Examples of stop words include "furthermore", "regardless", and "somehow".

Below is the same example sentence from above after stop word removal:

kind of relationship visualised tree structure, student would general root node postgraduate and undergraduate specialised extensions student node child nodes


Word Ordering
Word ordering preprocessing starts by feeding an input text to the advanced preprocessing technique from above. Then, each sentence in the text is reordered
so that the words in the sentence are arranged alphabetically. This is done so that texts that have copied and rearranged content from an original text are still detected as plagarism.

Below is the same original sentence from above, after the word ordering preprocessing:

a and and as be be be both can child extensions general kind of more more node nodes of or postgraduate relationship root specialised structure,
student student the the the this tree undergraduate visualised where would. 

