1967 a a about about already and and are are are been called classes classes classes concept defined for form have in in inheritance instances invented involve is languages, new object objects of oriented programming simula, talk talking that that to using usually was way we we when which which. 
derived ancestor and and are are as attributes base behavior classes classes classes classes classes, code existing existing help inherit intended little modification new no of or or or over pre referred reuse take that the the to to usually with. 
categorization a and by categorization computer for in information inheritance is languages number of powerful processing provides representation support the way. a a about about acquired actual and applied be be being belongs but by can cognitive each entities entity, established fact for fundamental furthermore, generalization given group helping humans in in information involves is is is it its known learn less means of only particularities processing relation specific specific stored to to what which wider.
an a a and apple, fruit generalization instance is mango many of of orange, others. a a also amongst as be because can classes generalization, hierarchy inheritance is objects of referred relationships represent sometimes to. abstraction an apple, be can considered etc fruit is it of orange, that. a a all all apples are as being common container conversely, fleshy for fruit, fruit, inherit may naturally of plant properties seed since such the the they to.
 a able and be code complexity in interfaces lot modules of of program reducing share similarities sufficiently the the therefore to with would. advantages as be can inheritance known of of one the this. a a are as be can code code, control control describes dual, further have inheritance known many named of of parts polymorphism shared that therefore to under view, which. 
on accomplished adding an ancestor ancestor, by by by by either exposed exposed hand, inheritance is methods methods more new normally one or or other replacing the those to. a act called for is known overriding replacing term this used well.
.