pagerank is a link analysis algorithm used by the google internet search engine that assigns a numerical weighting to each element of a hyperlinked set of documents, such as the world wide web, with the purpose of measuring its relative importance within the set. the algorithm may be applied to any collection of entities with reciprocal quotations and references. the numerical weight that it assigns to any given element e is also called the pagerank of e and denoted by pre.
the name pagerank is a trademark of google, and the pagerank process has been patented u.s. patent 6,285,999 . however, the patent is assigned to stanford university and not to google. google has exclusive license rights on the patent from stanford university. the university received 1.8 million shares in google in exchange for use of the patent the shares were sold in 2005 for $336 million.
google describes pagerank:
 pagerank relies on the uniquely democratic nature of the web by using its vast link structure as an indicator of an individual pages value. in essence, google interprets a link from page a to page b as a vote, by page a, for page b. but, google looks at more than the sheer volume of votes, or links a page receives it also analyzes the page that casts the vote. votes cast by pages that are themselves important weigh more heavily and help to make other pages important. 
in other words, a pagerank results from a ballot among all the other pages on the world wide web about how important a page is. a hyperlink to a page counts as a vote of support. the pagerank of a page is defined recursively and depends on the number and pagerank metric of all pages that link to it incoming links. a page that is linked to by many pages with high pagerank receives a high rank itself. if there are no links to a web page there is no support for that page.
google assigns a numeric weighting from 0-10 for each webpage on the internet this pagerank denotes a site s importance in the eyes of google. the pagerank is derived from a theoretical probability value on a logarithmic scale like the richter scale. the pagerank of a particular page is roughly based upon the quantity of inbound links as well as the pagerank of the pages providing the links. it is known that other factors, e.g. relevance of search words on the page and actual visits to the page reported by the google toolbar also influence the pagerank. in order to prevent manipulation, spoofing and spamdexing, google provides no specific details about how other factors influence pagerank.
numerous academic papers concerning pagerank have been published since page and brins original paper. in practice, the pagerank concept has proven to be vulnerable to manipulation, and extensive research has been devoted to identifying falsely inflated pagerank and ways to ignore links from documents with falsely inflated pagerank.
other link-based ranking algorithms for web pages include the hits algorithm invented by jon kleinberg used by teoma and now ask.com, the ibm clever project, and the trustrank algorithm.
